They've incorporated their culture and their values
Into the city and they've enriched the city
Both like, from uh, you know work ethic
And you know the restaurants
And the music
And it's really a diverse city.

I mean you walk through the Vany Avenue,
You know you go through Korean neighborhoods,
Old Jewish neighborhoods, Arabic neighborhoods,
Uh, Pakistani-Indian neighborhoods.

It's incredible.
The intensity... I think yeah,
Development has pushed us away from other people.

You know a lot of times people are rude
Because they want like immediate access
Or immediate information.

You know some things in life can't be immediate,
Sometimes you gotta wait and let things happen...

People are like, are increasingly rude.
Like I'll say somebody will get in a cab, we'll say
"I'll get em there in 5 minutes."
And they'll say,
"Well, It should only take 3."
Now who gives a shit if it takes 5 minutes or 3 minutes,
Who cares?

At the end of your life
Nobody's gonna put at your tomb stone
"Shit I got in a cab in five, in seven minutes instead of three".

You know, It doesn't matter,
And technology has made us slaves to time.
Naw, a lot of people that are really have technical jobs,
They're slaves to time.
And time is the essence of life it seems like.
And they're basically like losing it

They're losing the essence of their life because,
You know, their life is like just going away and,
They're not enjoying it because their so engrossed
In efficiency and productivity and shit like that.

That it's almost sad.
They all come here from somewhere else
Like seeking their fame and fortune or,
The top jobs and they're and career-you know,
In their, in their industries.

They get very engrossed,
And they into these
You know these cell phones and computers and...

I think the real important things in life are you know,
People and your family.
I think you don't realize that,
A lot of people don't realize that until they're older.
I think there's going to be
A backlash against technology